[DOCS] Updates Discover docs to show Document Explorer (#129549)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/search-for-relevance.asciidoc

```
. If you don't see any results, expand the <<set-time-filter,time range>>, for example to *Last 7 days*.
. From the list of *Available fields*, add `_score` and any other fields you want to the document table.
+

> At this point, you're sorting by `Time`.

Author: ```suggestion
At this point, you're sorting by the`timestamp` field.
```

> At this point, you're sorting by the`timestamp` field.

Reviewer: qq: on top of this file:

_In *Discover*, open the {data-source} dropdown, and select that data you want to work with._

is it really **that** data?

Author: good catch

> . To turn off sorting for the `Time` field, click the *field sorted* option and then click *Clear sorting.*

Author: ```suggestion
. To turn off sorting for the `timestamp` field, click the *field sorted* option and then click *Clear sorting.*
```

> . To sort the _score column in descending order, click _score from the dropdown menu, and then select *High-Low*.

Author: ```suggestion
. To sort by the `_score` field in descending order, open the dropdown menu and click `_score`, and then select *High-Low*.
```
